Update UG for client crud (#176)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-W14-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

The command `dc -e alice_baker@bakers.com`  deletes the contact with the corresponding email.

Expected output:
```bash
Deleted Client: Alice Baker (alice_baker@bakers.com)
```

### Updating a client: `uc`

Updates an *existing* client contact.

**Compulsory Arguments**
- **`-e email`**
  - Email of the client to update.

**Optional Arguments**

At least one of the following arguments must be provided:
- **`-cn client_name`**

>   - The client’s name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The client’s new name.
```

  - **Default:** *null*
- **`-e2 new email`**
  - THe client's new email. Must be unique in Mycelium. Case sensitive.
  - **Default:** *null*
- **`-y year_of_birth`**

>   - The client’s year of birth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The client’s new year of birth.
```

  - **Default:** *null*
- **`-src source`**

>   - The client’s digital service platform, e.g. Fiverr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The client’s new digital service platform, e.g. Fiverr.
```

  - **Default:** *null*
- **`-mn mobile_number`**

>   - The client’s mobile number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The client’s new mobile number.
```

  - **Default:** *null*

**Examples**

> The command `uc -e alice_bakers@bakers.com -cn Bobby Baker` updates the respective client's name 
> found by the client's email address to Bobby Baker.

Reviewer: just a suggestion for phrasing

```suggestion
The command `uc -e alice_bakers@bakers.com -cn Bobby Baker` updates the client with email *alice_bakers@bakers.com* to have the name *Bobby Baker*.
```
